v2-v3.md, before:

Migration from Learnpoint Bulk API to Learnpoint API v3
========================================

Learnpoint Bulk API is deprecated and will be replaced with Learnpoint API v3.

Braking changes from version 2 to 3
-----------------------------------

### Learnpoint Bulk API --> Learnpoint API

The structure of the endpoints are changed and the term "Bulk" is removed. In version 3 you can fetch single items and specific sets of items.

You fetch objects from one endpoint and fetch related data from another endpoint. You can post a filter with Ids to get the objects you want from the /lookup or /filter endpoints. See the documentation for Learnpoint API v3.

Example (fetch active students and their groups):
* Fetch Active students: GET /users?IncludeActive=true&includeInactive=false&IncludeStudents=true&IncludeStaff=false
* Fetch GroupMemberships for the returned users: POST /groupmemberships/filter Body={"UserIds": [3,5,9,12]}
* Fetch the groups returned: POST /groups/lookup Body={"Ids": [2,5]}


### Program and Courses

In version 2 there was only groups. You had to parse groups to find ProgramInstances and CourseInstances and use GroupMemeberships to get the students on a CourseInstance. 

In version 3 you fetch ProgramInstances and CourseInstances from specific endpoints. The student memberships on programs and courses are fetched from ProgramEnrollments and CourseEnrollments. Staff on programs and courses are fetched from ProgramStaffMemberships and CourseStaffMemberships.

In version 2 CourseDefinitions was returnd as Reference data in the Groups endpoint. In version 3 CourseDefinitions has a separate endpoint.

Example (fetch active program enrollments and info about the students and program instances):
* Fetch Active program enrollments: GET /programenrollments?IncludeActive=true&includeInactive=false
* Fetch the users returned: POST /users/lookup Body={"Ids": [121,233,254,312]}
* Fetch the program instances returned: POST /programinstances/lookup Body={"Ids": [756,784]}


### Student and StaffMember --> User

Student and StaffMember are replaced with a User. **The User.Id can differ from Student.Id and StaffMember.Id**.

The Id differ if the student or staff was created earlier then 2020-09-22.

UserId is added to Student And StaffMember in version 2.8 for migrating purpose.

* User.Id differ from Student.Id and StaffMember.Id if it was created before 2020-09-22
* Student.MobilePhone is renamed to User.Phone
* Student.HomePhone is renamed to User.Phone2
* Student.HomeAddress is removed
* FullStudent.EducationPlans has its own endpoint called ProgramEnrollments
* StaffMember.MobilePhone is renamed to User.Phone
* StaffMember.MayExposeMobilePhoneToStudents is removed
* StaffMember.MayExposePhone2ToStudents is removed
* FullStudent.Groups and FullStaffMember.Groups has its own endpoint called GroupMemberships

**OBSERVE! If you have users created before 2020-09-22 you cannot use the fetched StudentId or StaffMemberId as UserId. You have to translate the StudentId and StaffMemberId to the corresponding UserId or add a new property for UserId before you switch to version 3.**


### StudentEducationPlan --> ProgramEnrollment

StudentEducationPlan is renamed to ProgramEnrollment and has its own endpoint. It has a new Id that differs from StudentEducationPlan.Id.

ProgramEnrollmentId is added to StudentEducationPlan in version 2.8 for migrating purpose.

* StudentEducationPlan.Id differs from ProgramEnrollment.Id
* The EducationPlan Parts collection is removed and replaced with a ProgramInstanceId and a collection of SelectedSpecializations.
  * See the documentation for Learnpoint API v3
* StudentEducationPlanState is replaced with two booleans for Active and Canceled

**OBSERVE! You cannot use the fetched StudentEducationPlanId as ProgramEnrollmentId. You have to translate the StudentEducationPlanId to the corresponding ProgramEnrollmentId or add a new property for ProgramEnrollmentId before you switch to version 3.**


### Reference data are removed

In version 2 the endpoints included lightweight reference data.

In version 3 the endpoints returns an object or a  collection of objects. Corresponding data are fetched from the other endpoints.


### Group changes

In version 2 Groups had collections with StaffGroupMembers and StudentGroupMermbers. In version 3 Groups and GroupMemberships are fetched from separate endpoints. 

* LifespanFrom is renamed to From
* LifespanUntil is renamed to To
* ParentGroup is replaced with ParentGroupId
* CourseDefinition is removed (moved to CourseInstance)
* StaffGroupMembers are removed (separate endpoint for GroupMemberships)
* StudentGroupMembers are removed (separate endpoint for GroupMemberships)
* CourseInstanceId is added (present if the group is a CourseInstance)
* ProgramInstanceId is added (present if the group is a ProgramInstance)


### GroupStaffMember and GroupStudent changes

Group memberships has a separate endpoint called GroupMemberships. The Roles for the membership are included in the GroupMembership model.

* The memberships contains Id:s for the group and the user (GroupId and UserId)
* Boolean for IsAdministrator is added
* Roles (with Role name) are included in the membership


### Groups with category DefaultCourseInstanceSchedulingGroup are removed

In version 2 there is allways a corresponding DefaultCourseInstanceSchedulingGroup for every CourseInstance group.

In version 3 the groups with Category.Code = DefaultCourseInstanceSchedulingGroup are removed. They are not used in Learnpoint any more.


### Parameter datascoperootgroupid is removed

The parameter datascoperootgroupid cannot be passed any more. Filter the data on the client side instead.


### Date and time format

Timestamps are formated as described in RFC3339.

* Date and time are separated by a T
* Time zone are described with Z for UTC or - + offset
* Examples: 2019-11-19T13:20:50.52Z 2019-11-19T14:20:50.52+01:00

Time zone are required for date-time request parameters.

Date-time are returned as UTC in the response.


### Response limiting

As many objects as possible are returned. Big data sets can be returned in batches. The property NextLink will indicate if there are more data to fetch.

* If all objects are returned the NextLink property is NULL.
* NextLink will contain a URI for the next batch if there are more objects to fetch.
* Fetch data until NextLink is NULL.

If your client cannot handle big data sets you can limit the respons by passing the limit parameter. For example when testing the API with Swagger UI.


### Rate limiting

Learnpoint API can return 429 Too Many Requests and include the header Retry-After <delay-seconds>.

Wait for specified number of seconds and try again.

Commit message:

Group and Group membership changes.

v2-v3.md, after:

Migration from Learnpoint Bulk API to Learnpoint API v3
========================================

Learnpoint Bulk API is deprecated and will be replaced with Learnpoint API v3.

Braking changes from version 2 to 3
-----------------------------------

### Learnpoint Bulk API --> Learnpoint API

The structure of the endpoints are changed and the term "Bulk" is removed. In version 3 you can fetch single items and specific sets of items.

You fetch objects from one endpoint and fetch related data from another endpoint. You can post a filter with Ids to get the objects you want from the /lookup or /filter endpoints. See the documentation for Learnpoint API v3.

Example (fetch active students and their groups):
* Fetch Active students: GET /users?IncludeActive=true&includeInactive=false&IncludeStudents=true&IncludeStaff=false
* Fetch GroupMemberships for the returned users: POST /groupmemberships/filter Body={"UserIds": [3,5,9,12]}
* Fetch the groups returned: POST /groups/lookup Body={"Ids": [2,5]}


### Program and Courses

In version 2 there was only groups. You had to parse groups to find ProgramInstances and CourseInstances and use GroupMemeberships to get the students on a CourseInstance. 

In version 3 you fetch ProgramInstances and CourseInstances from specific endpoints. The student memberships on programs and courses are fetched from ProgramEnrollments and CourseEnrollments. Staff on programs and courses are fetched from ProgramStaffMemberships and CourseStaffMemberships.

In version 2 CourseDefinitions was returnd as Reference data in the Groups endpoint. In version 3 CourseDefinitions has a separate endpoint.

Example (fetch active program enrollments and info about the students and program instances):
* Fetch Active program enrollments: GET /programenrollments?IncludeActive=true&includeInactive=false
* Fetch the users returned: POST /users/lookup Body={"Ids": [121,233,254,312]}
* Fetch the program instances returned: POST /programinstances/lookup Body={"Ids": [756,784]}


### Student and StaffMember --> User

Student and StaffMember are replaced with a User. **The User.Id can differ from Student.Id and StaffMember.Id**.

The Id differ if the student or staff was created earlier then 2020-09-22.

UserId is added to Student And StaffMember in version 2.8 for migrating purpose.

* User.Id differ from Student.Id and StaffMember.Id if it was created before 2020-09-22
* Student.MobilePhone is renamed to User.Phone
* Student.HomePhone is renamed to User.Phone2
* Student.HomeAddress is removed
* FullStudent.EducationPlans has its own endpoint called ProgramEnrollments
* StaffMember.MobilePhone is renamed to User.Phone
* StaffMember.MayExposeMobilePhoneToStudents is removed
* StaffMember.MayExposePhone2ToStudents is removed
* FullStudent.Groups and FullStaffMember.Groups has its own endpoint called GroupMemberships

**OBSERVE! If you have users created before 2020-09-22 you cannot use the fetched StudentId or StaffMemberId as UserId. You have to translate the StudentId and StaffMemberId to the corresponding UserId or add a new property for UserId before you switch to version 3.**


### StudentEducationPlan --> ProgramEnrollment

StudentEducationPlan is renamed to ProgramEnrollment and has its own endpoint. It has a new Id that differs from StudentEducationPlan.Id.

ProgramEnrollmentId is added to StudentEducationPlan in version 2.8 for migrating purpose.

* StudentEducationPlan.Id differs from ProgramEnrollment.Id
* The EducationPlan Parts collection is removed and replaced with a ProgramInstanceId and a collection of SelectedSpecializations.
  * See the documentation for Learnpoint API v3
* StudentEducationPlanState is replaced with two booleans for Active and Canceled

**OBSERVE! You cannot use the fetched StudentEducationPlanId as ProgramEnrollmentId. You have to translate the StudentEducationPlanId to the corresponding ProgramEnrollmentId or add a new property for ProgramEnrollmentId before you switch to version 3.**


### Reference data are removed

In version 2 the endpoints included lightweight reference data.

In version 3 the endpoints returns an object or a  collection of objects. Corresponding data are fetched from the other endpoints using the /lookup and /filter endpoints.


### Group changes

In version 2 Groups had collections with StaffGroupMembers and StudentGroupMermbers. In version 3 Groups and GroupMemberships are fetched from separate endpoints. 

* LifespanFrom is renamed to From
* LifespanUntil is renamed to To
* ParentGroup is replaced with ParentGroupId
* CourseDefinition is removed (moved to CourseInstance)
* StaffGroupMembers are removed (separate endpoint for GroupMemberships)
* StudentGroupMembers are removed (separate endpoint for GroupMemberships)
* CourseInstanceId is added (present if the group is a CourseInstance)
* ProgramInstanceId is added (present if the group is a ProgramInstance)


### GroupStaffMember and GroupStudent changes

Group memberships has a separate endpoint called GroupMemberships. The Roles for the membership are included in the GroupMembership model.

* The memberships contains Id:s for the group and the user (GroupId and UserId)
* Boolean for IsAdministrator is added
* Roles (with Role name) are included in the membership


### Group Category is replaced with Type

* Group.Category is removed and replaced with Group.Type
* Group.Category.Code = "EducationInstance" is now called Group.Type ="ProgramInstance"


### Groups with type DefaultCourseInstanceSchedulingGroup are removed

In version 2 there is allways a corresponding DefaultCourseInstanceSchedulingGroup for every CourseInstance group.

In version 3 the groups with Category.Code = DefaultCourseInstanceSchedulingGroup are removed. They are not used in Learnpoint any more.

### GroupRoles are removed from GroupMemberships

StudentGroupMembers.GroupRoles and StaffGroupMembers.GroupRoles are removed and replaced with two booleans: GroupMembership.IsManager and GroupMembership.IsAdministrator.

Use the endpoints /Programenrollments and /courseenrollments to get students on programs and courses.

Use the endpoints /programstaffmemberships and /coursestaffmemberships to get staff on programs and courses.


### Parameter datascoperootgroupid is removed

The parameter datascoperootgroupid cannot be passed any more. Filter the data on the client side instead.


### Date and time format

Timestamps are formated as described in RFC3339.

* Date and time are separated by a T
* Time zone are described with Z for UTC or - + offset
* Examples: 2019-11-19T13:20:50.52Z 2019-11-19T14:20:50.52+01:00

Time zone are required for date-time request parameters.

Date-time are returned as UTC in the response.


### Response limiting

As many objects as possible are returned. Big data sets can be returned in batches. The property NextLink will indicate if there are more data to fetch.

* If all objects are returned the NextLink property is NULL.
* NextLink will contain a URI for the next batch if there are more objects to fetch.
* Fetch data until NextLink is NULL.

If your client cannot handle big data sets you can limit the respons by passing the limit parameter. For example when testing the API with Swagger UI.


### Rate limiting

Learnpoint API can return 429 Too Many Requests and include the header Retry-After <delay-seconds>.

Wait for specified number of seconds and try again.
